docs/about/index.md, before:

---
sidebar_position: 1
title: About
---
ecosyste.ms' mission is to support developers, researchers, and policymakers to identify, secure, and sustain critical open source components. 

We do this by developing and maintaining foundational tools and services that lower technological barriers and accelerate our users' work. ecosyste.ms is a non-profit project hosted by [Open Source Collective](https://oscollective.org).  

### Support our work
ecosyste.ms is a project of The Open Source Collective, a non-profit organization focused on creating a sustainable future for open-source software. We have received financial support from Schmidt Futures (now https://www.schmidtsciences.org), and [Alpha Omega](https://alpha-omega.dev) a project of The Linux Foundation.

You can support us on [Open Collective](https://opencollective.com/ecosystems). For larger donations and sponsorships [contact us](mailto:hello@ecosyste.ms).

### Work with us
ecosyste.ms is an open source project developed and maintained on [GitHub](https://github.com/ecosyste-ms). The core team and broader community are supported by our [governance and technical steering committees](./governance). Our [charter](./charter) provides some context for collaborators to get a better understand of how we approach our work. 

### Using ecosyste.ms for free
Our code and data are licensed ([AGPL](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0.html) and [CC-BY-SA](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/) respectively) to ensure that the community can use the services we provide, free of charge, if you contribute your work back to that same community.

### Using ecosyste.ms at work
If you're using ecosyste.ms in an environment where you cannot attribute and publish your work using a compatible licence we ofer less restrictive licences for a fee. [Get in touch](mailto:hello@ecosyste.ms) to find out more.

Commit message:

Amend about text to line up with commercial

docs/about/index.md, after:

---
sidebar_position: 1
title: About
---
ecosyste.ms' mission is to support developers, researchers, and policymakers to identify, secure, and sustain critical open source components. 

We do this by developing and maintaining foundational tools and services that lower technological barriers and accelerate our users' work. ecosyste.ms is a non-profit project hosted by [Open Source Collective](https://oscollective.org).  

### Support our work
ecosyste.ms is a project of The Open Source Collective, a non-profit organization focused on creating a sustainable future for open-source software. We have received financial support from Schmidt Futures (now https://www.schmidtsciences.org), and [Alpha Omega](https://alpha-omega.dev) a project of The Linux Foundation.

You can support us on [Open Collective](https://opencollective.com/ecosystems). For larger donations and sponsorships [contact us](mailto:hello@ecosyste.ms).

### Work with us
ecosyste.ms is an open source project developed and maintained on [GitHub](https://github.com/ecosyste-ms). The core team and broader community are supported by our [governance and technical steering committees](./governance). Our [charter](./charter) provides some context for collaborators to get a better understand of how we approach our work. 

### Using ecosyste.ms for free
Our code and data are licensed ([AGPL](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0.html) and [CC-BY-SA](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/) respectively) to ensure that the community can use the services we provide, free of charge, if you contribute your work back to that same community.

### Using ecosyste.ms at work
We offer less restrictive licences on a commercial basis for users who wish to retain ownership of their adaptations and modifications. [Contact us to find out more](mailto:hello@ecosyste.ms)
